---
layout: event
title: "Soundleaks #3: Computer Music workshops"
poster: vol3.jpg
image: /poster/vol3.jpg
description: ""
---

Hey 好久不见! 我们很高兴请到了活跃在日本的两位计算机音乐家，带来难得计算机音乐相关的workshop。具体讲者以及内容请向下拉。

* 时间：
  2018年10月26日 下午2:00至6:20（中间20分钟休息）

* 报名：
  由于场地限制，每个workshop只有20个名额。报名请发邮件到<soundleakschina@gmail.com>，请附上姓名，电话以及具体报名的Workshop。

* 语言:
  两个Workshop均主要以英文讲授。

* Time:

  2018 Oct 26th 2:00PM - 6:20PM（30min intermission）

* Apply:

  Due to our space limitation，we only have 20 seats for each workshop. Please email your name, phone number and which workshop you want to particient a to <soundleakschina@gmail.com>.

* Language:
  Both workshops will be taught in English.

## Workshop1: Introduction to programming sound with SuperColliderw

Time: 2PM - 4PM
Speaker: Tadashi Usami

For whom do not have any programming experience and are interested in using a computer for flexible sound expressions.

Requirements:

* a laptop computer with [SuperCollider](https://supercollider.github.io/)installed
* a pair of headphones

## Workshop2: Exploring sound with Clojure and Overtone

Time: 4:20PM - 6:20PM
Speaker: Maeda Yasuyuki

This workshop will be about creating sound in Overtone, an open source Clojure audio environment.

Please bring your own laptop and install all required dependencies on it before the workshop: https://overtone.github.io/docs.html#_dependencies
The Github repository for the workshop is in preparation. You will be able to download the codes.
You also had better bring your earphones or headphones.

No music knowledge is required. I will tell you the basis of creating sound, then I want everyone to try making their own sound with Clojure in this workshop. Although just changing the parameters of sample codes could be fun, it would be helpful if you have a Clojure skill.
